translate begins!
Exercise Translation of Long Sentences  If the argument is held to this level, I can see no reason why it cannot be settled by reasonable people.
 长句的翻译练习。如果参数保持到这个水平，我可以看到，为什么它不能被合理的人来解决没有理由。

 We have learned a great deal about the handling of dangerous microbes in the last century, although I must say that the opponents of recombinant-DNA research tend to downgrade this huge body of information.
 我们已经了解了在上个世纪危险微生物的处理了很多，但我必须说，重组DNA研究的反对者往往降级这个庞大的信息体。

 At one time or another, agents as hazardous as those of rabies, psittacosis, plague, and typhus have been dealt with by investigators in secure laboratories, with only rare instances of self infection of the investigators themselves, and no instances at all of epidemics.
 在同一时间或其他，代理为危险那些狂犬病，鹦鹉热，瘟疫和斑疹伤寒已被调查人员的安全实验室处理，与所有流行的研究者本身的自我感染的只有极少数情况下，并没有实例。

 It takes some high imagining to postulate the creation of brand new pathogens so wild and voracious as to spread from equally secure laboratories to endanger human life at large, as some of the arguers are now maintaining.
 这需要一些高想象来推测的品牌新的病原体如此疯狂和贪婪，以从同样的安全实验室扩展到危及人的生命在大的创造，因为一些arguers现在都维持。

   By this time it will have become clear that I have already taken sides in the matter, and my point of view is entirely prejudiced.
 这个时候，它会变得明显，我已经采取了双方在这个问题，我的观点完全是偏见。

 This is true, but with a qualification.
 这是真实的，但有资格。

 I am not so much in favor of recombinant-DNA research as I am opposed to the opposition to this line of inquiry.
 我没有那么多有利于重组DNA研究的，因为我不是反对这一调查线索。

 As a long time student of infectious-disease agents I do not take kindly the declarations that we do not know how to keep from catching things in laboratories, much less how to keep them from spreading beyond the laboratory walls.
 传染性疾病剂，我不善待我们不知道如何从捕捉的东西保持在实验室的声明很长一段时间的学生，更谈不上如何保持其传播超出了实验室的墙壁。

 I believe we learned a lot about this sort of thing, long ago.
 我相信，我们学到了很多关于这样的事情，很久以前。

   We should be very careful with that word "hubris," and make sure it is not used when not warranted.
 我们应该非常小心与单词“狂妄自大”，并确保不保证当它不被使用。

 There is a great danger in applying it to the search for knowledge.
 有一个在其应用到对知识有很大的危险。

 The application of knowledge is another matter, and there is hubris in plenty of our technology, but I do not believe that looking for new information about nature, at whatever level, can possibly be called unnatural.
 知识的应用又是另一回事，而且还有傲慢在很多我们的技术，但我不相信，寻找有关自然的新信息，在任何级别，可能被称为自然。

 Indeed, if there is any single attribute of human beings, apart from age, which distinguishes them from an other creatures on earth, it is insatiable, uncontrollable drive to learn things and then to exchange the information with others of the species.
 事实上，如果没有人类的任何单一属性，除了年龄，从地球上的其他生物区别开来，这是贪得无厌的，不可控的驱动学到东西，然后交换与其他物种的信息。

 Learning is what we do, when you think about it.
 学习是我们做什么，当你想想看。

 I cannot think of a human impulse more difficult to govern.
 我想不出一个人的冲动更加难以管理的。

