translate begins!
Exercise 1 Translation of “As”.
 ercise 1翻译的“作为”。

30 	As the current changes, the magnetic field will change as well .
 随着电流的变化,磁场也会改变。

31 	Light is bent as it moves from the water to the air .
 光线弯曲时从水到空气中。

32 	We cannot see sound waves as they travel through air .
 我们不能看到声波穿过空气。

33 	As semiconductor is heated, free electrons in it increase in number, and its condutivity heightens .
 随着半导体加热,自由电子数量的增加,及其condutivity加剧了。

34 	Complicated as the problem is, it can be solved in only two seconds with an electronic computer .
 复杂的问题,它只能解决两秒电子计算机。

35 	Because it is coherent, the light beam from a laser will not spread out as a beam from a flashlight orsearching does .
 因为它是连贯的,激光的光束不会传播的光束从一个手电筒orsearching。

36 	 Just as there is always a powerful attraction between two unlike electric charges, so there is apowerful repulsive force between two like electric charges .
 就像总有两个与电荷之间的一种强大的吸引力,因此apowerful两个像电荷之间的排斥力。

37  An amplifier with saturated CW power output as high as 40 mW has been reported .
 一个放大器饱和连续波输出功率高达40兆瓦的报道。

38  The silicon-controlled rectifies play an important part in automaton as they have many advantages .
 可控硅整流的自动机中扮演一个重要部分,因为他们有很多优势。

39 As ordinary radar cannot detect very small objects, microwave radars are used for this purpose .
 作为普通雷达不能检测到非常小的物体,微波雷达用于这一目的。

40  An amplifier is, as the name indicates, an apparatus for increasing the strength of incoming signals .
 一个放大器,顾名思义,增加强度的信号的装置。

41  We use the concept, as did Faraday, to enable us to pieture the field of force more clearly .
 我们使用这个概念,法拉第,使我们pieture力场更清楚。

42  Such power cables as we need must be strong and yet conduct electricity easily .
 我们需要等电缆必须强,但容易导电。

43  The results of a number of such calculations as shown graphically in Table 1 can show thecharacteristics of the system .
 许多这样的计算结果如表1中以图形的方式说明了可以显示系统的格局。

44  A sufficiently powerful super microscope would show nuclei to be such as we described them .
 一个足够强大的超级显微镜显示核会如我们描述他们。

45  Pulse Code Modulation (PCM)is such as the samples are quantized into discrete steps .
 脉冲编码调制(PCM)是如样品都量化为离散的步骤。

46  A color transmission contains the same information as a black and white transmission .
 颜色传输包含相同的信息作为一个黑色和白色的传播。

47  The wave travel in the air layer is much the same manner as microwaves are guided along awaveguide .
 波旅行多的相同的方式在空中层微波沿着awaveguide指引。

48  The weight of an object in space is not the same as its weight on surface of the earth .
 空间物体的重量是不一样的对地球表面的重量。

49  A magnetic field may be represented in the same manner as an electric field .
 磁场可能代表以同样的方式作为一个电场。

50  The acceleration is directly proportional to the accelerating force and is in the same direction as the force .
 加速度成正比的力和加速方向相同的力量。

Exercise 3 Ⅰ 根据词类选择词义.
 Ercise 3 Ⅰ choose meaning according to parts of speech.

1  An electron is an extremely small corpuscle withnegative charge which rounds about the nucleus of an atom .
 一个电子是一个非常小的小体withnegative轮约一个原子的原子核。

2  The earth goes round the sun .
 地球绕着太阳转。

3  Round surface reflector is a key unit for the solar energy device .
 圆的表面反射器是一个关键单元的太阳能设备。

4  The tree measures forty inches round .
 这棵树40英寸。

5  This is the whole round of knowlege .
 这是整个知识。

6  Like charges repel, unlike charges attract .
 同种电荷相互排斥,异种电荷互相吸引。

7  In the sunbeam passing through the window there are fine grains of dust shining like gold .
 阳光穿过窗户有细粒尘埃闪亮的像金子。

8  It is the atoms that make up iron, water oxygen and the like .
 这是原子组成的铁、水氧等。

9  He likes making experiments in chemistry .
 他喜欢做化学实验。

I0  Waves in water move like the waveform moves along a rope .
 波在水中移动就像波形沿着一根绳子。

11  Plastics was at first based on coal and wool .
 塑料最初是基于煤炭和羊毛。

12 As we all know, a base reacts with an acid to form a salt .
 众所周知,碱与酸反应生成盐。

13  Iron and brass are base metals .
 贱金属铁和铜。

14  We have now accumulated a considerable bodyof knowledge about electronics .
 我们已经积累了相当多的bodyof关于电子的知识。

15  They are in desperate need of this kind of bodied oil .
 他们急需这种有形的石油。

16  Imagination bodies forth the forms of things unknown .
 想像力使未知事物的形式。

Ⅱ 根据上下文选择词义.
 Choose meaning according to the context.

17  Our work today is to work out the design .
 我们今天的工作是设计。

18  To move something is to do work .
 移动工作。

19  We like his works very much .
 我们非常喜欢他的作品。

20  The building of these giant iron and steel works will greatly accelerate the development of the ironand steel industry of our country .
 这些巨大的钢铁工程建设将大大加快我国ironand钢铁行业的发展。

21  The works of these watches and clocks are all home-produced .
 这些钟表的作品都是国产的。

22  The electronic microscope possesses very high resolving power compared with the optical microscope .
 电子显微镜与光学显微镜相比具有很高的分辨能力。

23  Power can be transmitted over a long distance .
 可以远距离输送电力。

24  The fourth power of three is eighty-one .
 三的四次方是八十一。

25  The combining power of one element in the compound must equal the combining powerof the other element .
 一个元素的化合物的结合力量必须等于另一种元素结合时间表。

26 Explosive technological development after 1940 gave the medical profession enormous powerto fight diease and sickness .
 炸药技术发展1940年之后给医学界巨大powerto疾病和疾病作斗争。

27 Semiconductor devices have no filament or heaters and therefore require no heating power or warmed up time .
 半导体器件没有灯丝或加热器,因此不需要加热功率或加热时间。

28  A car needs a lot of power to go fast .
 汽车需要很多力量去快。

29  Streams and waterfall are suitable for the development of hydroelectric power .
 溪流和瀑布适合水电的发展。

30  The nucleus is the information center of the cell .
 细胞核是细胞的信息中心。

31  He was imprisoned in a cell .
 他被囚禁在一个细胞。

32  In the center of the spacious workshop stood a cell with packets of block anodes .
 宽敞的车间中间站着一个细胞与包块阳极。

33  When the ends of a copper wire are joined to a device called an electric cell a steady stream of electricity flows through the wire .
 当一个铜线的两端连接的设备称为电动细胞源源不断的电力流过电线。

Ⅲ 词义的引申.
 The extended meanings.

（一）专业化引申.
 ) professional extension.

34  His mother died of difficult labor .
 他的母亲死于难产。

35  The major problem in manufacturing is the control of contamination and foreign material .
 制造业的主要问题是污染的控制和外国材料。

36  The running of such automated establishments remains only a matter of reading various meters mounted on panels .
 这种自动化的运行机构仍然只阅读各种米安装在面板的问题。

37  More weight must be placed on the past history of patients .
 更多的重量必须放在病人的历史。

38  The bacterial pneumonia may complicate influenza at bothextremes of age .
 细菌性肺炎可能在bothextremes流感复杂化的时代。

39  The doctor may insert thin needles into the skin of a patient at keypoints along meridians .
 医生可能会将细针插入病人的皮肤在沿着经脉要点。

40  Everything is ready, so I call the morning paper up on the screen .
 一切都准备好了,所以我打电话给晨报在屏幕上。

41  This kind of wood works easily .
 这种木材容易工作。

42  The patient had been given three transfusions after he was admitted into the hospital .
 病人被三输血后,他住进了医院。

43  This medicine acts well on the heart .
 这药对心脏。

44  Rubber is not hard, it gives way to pressure .
 橡胶并不难,它给的压力。

45  For millions of people suffering from arthritis, it is the only thing that works .
 对数以百万计的人患有关节炎,这是唯一的作品。

46 Porcelain is commonly used to resist electric current .
 陶瓷通常被用来抵抗电流。

47  When we speak, sound waves begin to travel and go in all directions .
 当我们说话时,声波便开始向四面八方。

48 Zinc is easy to obtain from its ore .
 锌是容易获得的。

（二）具体化或形象化引申.
 ) embodiment or visualization extended.

49  Other things being equal, copper heats up faster than iron .
 在其他条件相同的情况下,铜比铁升温更快。

50  There are many things that should be considered in determining cutting speed .
 有很多事情应该考虑在确定切削速度。

51  The thermometer rises or falls according as the air is hot or cold .
 温度计显示上涨或下跌的空气是热的或冷的。

52  Australian researehers have developed an implantable hearing prosthesis that inserts 22 electrodesinto the inner ear and is connected to a pocket speech processor .
 澳大利亚researehers已经开发出一种可植入的听力假肢,插入22 electrodesinto内耳和处理器连接到口袋里演讲。

53  For the average consumer, voice-activated devices are a convenience, for the elderly andhandicapped, they may become indispensable for a wide variety of chores in the home .
 对于普通消费者,语音设备方便,为老年人andhandicapped,他们可能变得不可缺少的各种各样的家务在家里。

54  A large segment of mankind turns to untrammeled nature as a lastrefuge from encroachingtechnology .
 大部分的人类把自然作为lastrefuge从encroachingtechnology之类。

55  Her soft features effectively hid her strong mechanical foundation .
 她强烈的机械基础软特性有效地隐藏。

56  While the results may seem discouraging to smokers who’d like to quit without gaining weight .
 虽然结果很出乎劝阻吸烟者想戒烟没有增加体重。

57  In general, the design procedure is not straightforward and will require trial and error .
 一般来说,设计过程并非易事,需要反复试验。

58  Steel and cast iron also differ in carbon .
 钢和铸铁在碳也有所不同。

59  There are threethings we have to know about every force in order to be able to understand the effect it produced .
 我们必须知道每一个力threethings为了能够理解它所带来的影响。

60  At high frequencies where the integration time is short, results will be displayed in rapid successionand possibly leave insufficient time for the user to record them .
 在高频率的积分时间短,结果将显示在快速successionand可能为用户留下足够的时间来记录它们。

61 The purpose of a driller is to cut holes .
 钻孔机的目的是减少漏洞。

62  The energy is so small that something must be done to prevent the complete loss of signal .
 能量太小,必须采取措施来防止信号的完全丧失。

63  The foresight and coverage shown by the inventor of the process are most commendable .
 所表现出的远见和覆盖的发明者过程是最值得称道的。

